UniversalCollab + private Notify: combined chat and sending

1. Close both applications, extract the updated ZIPs, then reopen them.
2. In private Notify, open Combined chat > OBS setup.
3. Choose Copy UniversalCollab chat + send link.
4. In UniversalCollab's Chat panel, expand Chat source - Private Notify.
   Paste the link and choose Use Notify chat. The link is saved encrypted.
5. Keep Notify running with its platform connections active.
6. Use the menu below chat to choose All platforms, Twitch, YouTube or Kick.
   Enter up to 200 characters and select Send. All platforms attempts each
   of your configured channels and reports each result separately.

Twitch and YouTube:
Sign out and reconnect in private Notify to approve the new message-sending
permission. YouTube requires an active live broadcast. If several broadcasts
are active, sending is blocked rather than choosing the wrong chat.
Messages are sent as the accounts connected in Notify, to their own channels.
Expired credentials require reconnecting. Messages are never automatically retried.

Kick:
The updated private Cloudflare receiver must be deployed first. In Command Prompt:
cd /d "<your-projects-folder>\Notify-Kick-Receiver"
npx wrangler deploy
Then disconnect and reconnect Kick in Notify and approve chat sending.
No redirect URL change is needed. This is the PRIVATE receiver, not the beta backend.
The receiver now retains OAuth tokens server-side to send messages and refresh access.
These tokens are not returned to the desktop. It has not been deployed by this build.

Existing OBS dock/overlay links remain read-only. The separate chat + send link
allows sending; keep it private. Reset links in Notify invalidates both links.

If only some destinations succeed, select an individual failed destination before
trying again. For timeouts, check live chat first to avoid duplicate messages.
Use UniversalCollab chat switches back to its original chat panel.

Validation: private Windows build, JavaScript syntax, local send-token separation,
invalid-target rejection, Kick authentication, scope requirement, input validation
and throttle tests passed using test data. No live chat messages were posted.
Embedded chat rendering and real platform delivery still need your local test.
Public beta, Linux and APK versions were not changed.
