UniversalCollab 0.7.0 — Connections and Stream studio

UPDATE THE SERVER AND APP
End your streams, stop OBS, then stop the relay server.
Back up config.json and data. Extract UniversalCollab-ServerUpdate-0.7.0.zip
into the server root, replacing index.js and src. Keep config.json, data,
fallback.png and vendor. Main file stays index.js. Start the server.
The startup line should report UNIVERSALCOLLAB 0.7.0.

Close the desktop app before updating. Do not uninstall or delete settings.
Linux: extract UniversalCollab-Linux-0.7.0.tar.gz; inside UniversalCollab-Linux
run bash install.sh. Open UniversalCollab from your app menu.
Windows: run UniversalCollab-Setup-0.7.0.exe (full install or in-place update).
Existing server accounts, permanent OBS keys, saved platform OAuth settings,
collaboration layouts and permissions are preserved. No new ports needed.

CONNECTIONS PANEL — INSIDE STREAM
Twitch and YouTube tabs are folded into Connections. Click their compact button
to expand account settings/chat tools, or launch sign-in when configured.
Existing logins remain local and do not need a relay connection.
Twitch needs one reconnect (Disconnect account, then Connect Twitch) to grant
the new channel:read:stream_key permission. The Google scope is unchanged.
No registered app IDs are bundled; your already saved app setup is retained.
Kick, Restream, Rumble and Custom buttons open masked RTMP URL/key setup.
Those are custom RTMP connections, not native OAuth login integrations.
Custom connections are saved encrypted on this computer. Platform tokens stay
on this device. Your relay necessarily receives the ingest keys to transmit.
The old single destination form is under Existing relay destination / advanced.
Saving it replaces the multi-destination plan with that one destination.

NEW STREAM
1. Connect to your selected relay server. OBS must be stopped and any old relay
   broadcast ended. Wait for its normal rearm/hold period if necessary.
2. Click New stream in the Stream panel.
3. Enter title and description. Leave Sync supported metadata checked for a
   common title. Uncheck it to use individual Twitch and YouTube titles and
   a separate YouTube description. Twitch has no equivalent stream description.
4. Check the destinations you want to enable (up to eight, host permitting).
5. Choose Twitch game, YouTube category, visibility and audience as applicable.
6. Optionally check Save a recording if the host enabled server recording.
7. Click Create & prepare stream. Wait for Ready, then start OBS using its
   permanent relay server URL/key. You do not paste platform keys into OBS.

YouTube: creates a broadcast and stream, binds them, applies metadata and fetches
its ingest details. Auto-start/auto-stop are enabled. YouTube must have live
streaming enabled on that channel. Platform API quotas still apply.
Twitch: updates the channel metadata and retrieves the existing stream key;
Twitch goes live when video arrives, rather than creating a YouTube-style event.
The relay forwards to every selected target. Each output has a separate
stream-copy worker; the stream is encoded only once per broadcaster.
Custom RTMP platforms need their event/metadata set up on their own website.
Use Update platform info to apply edited titles/categories to linked platforms.
A custom RTMP target cannot have its website metadata changed automatically.
Titles and description updates sync when you apply them in this app; changes
made directly on platform websites are not continuously mirrored.

YOUTUBE CATEGORY AND GAME
YouTube category (Gaming, Music, etc.) is editable in the New stream form.
Existing broadcast edits in YouTube connection details also include category ID.
The separate YouTube Studio game-title field is not exposed by the public API.
Use Open YouTube Studio for that field. Twitch game selection works in-app.
Source: https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/videos/update

FAILURES / RETRIES
Retry an unchanged draft after a temporary failure; known YouTube resources
are reused instead of creating another event. If a create request timed out
with an unknown result, the app stops automatic retries: inspect YouTube Studio
before using New stream to avoid an extra event. Platform creation and relay
assignment are separate operations: an event may exist even if relay setup fails.
No existing broadcast is silently deleted during recovery.
Selecting destinations is done before streaming. Stop/end the current broadcast
before replacing its destination set. A failed output retries independently;
other destinations and recording continue. Additional destinations use extra
server bandwidth even though they share the encoder.

PAST STREAMS AND RECORDING
The Stream panel lists the latest 100 of your sessions on the selected server.
Names, dates, status, recording size and Download buttons are shown. Sessions
without a file say No recording. Recordings from before this update cannot be
created retroactively. Downloads are enabled after the relay broadcast ends.
Downloads are user-scoped, authenticated and saved via the normal file picker.
Files are MPEG-TS (.ts), containing the encoded video and audio. VLC/FFmpeg can
read them; remux to MP4/MKV when an editor needs another container.
Recordings include the relay's PiP/chat layout and fallback periods. They are
stored at data/recordings on the host. History metadata is index.json there.
The desktop app may be closed after preparing a stream. Server forwarding and
recording continue; desktop-generated chat overlays still require the app open.

HOST RECORDING SETTINGS
Recording is OFF by default. In the existing config.json, set the following
inside hostFeatures (keep the other existing hostFeatures values):
  "recording": true
Multiple destinations are enabled by default. Hosts can disable them with:
  "multipleDestinations": false
The root-level recording storage defaults are added automatically:
  "recordings": { "maxStorageMB": 1024, "minFreeMB": 256 }
Raise maxStorageMB only to fit the disk allocation available to your server.
Stop/start the server after changing host settings. The streamer then enables
Save a recording on each new stream. The limit is shared across users.
At the storage/free-space limit or on a disk-write problem, recording stops;
the broadcast continues. The history entry reports the recording issue.
Limits are checked periodically, so a small amount of in-flight data can exceed
maxStorageMB. Files are not automatically deleted. Hosts can remove downloaded
.ts files through their file manager to recover space. Keep index.json intact.
Recording copies do not include platform OAuth tokens or destination keys.

VALIDATION / LIMITS
Passed automated Chromium UI tests for connections, masked custom setup,
platform selection, category and per-platform metadata, downloads, panels,
Social/combined chat, narrow layout and broadcast locks.
Platform API tests use simulated Twitch/Google responses, including resume
without duplicate YouTube resources, token refresh and metadata preservation.
Real local MediaMTX/FFmpeg tests: two working targets and one failed target;
PiP/main/chat pixels; continuous output across fallback and revocation;
recording finalization, download with video/audio tracks, cross-user denial.
Native Windows installation and live Twitch/YouTube creation were not exercised
here. Treat this as the first 0.7.0 integration build and test with a private or
unlisted stream first. Existing live OAuth login was reported working by user.
High-resolution/many-target stress testing is not represented by local tests.
Installers remain unsigned. Native OS keyring behavior is unchanged.

API REFERENCES
https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/api/reference/#get-stream-key
https://dev.twitch.tv/docs/video-broadcast/
https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/live/docs/liveBroadcasts/insert
https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/live/docs/liveStreams/insert
https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/live/docs/liveBroadcasts/bind
https://developers.google.com/youtube/v3/docs/videos/update
